#summary Compilation and Deployment.

*Requirements:*
------------

 * JDK 1.7 or later
 * wildfly-8.1.0
To set up the build environment:
 * apache-maven-3.2.3

See maven pom.xml for source dependencies! 


*Compilation and Deployment:*
---------------------------

In the Fedora 20 VM all required tools are already preinstalled in 
/home/student/install.
Open the .bashrc file in the /home/student directory and add/modify the
following lines:

{{{
export JBOSS_HOME=/home/student/install/wildfly-8.1.0.Final
export PATH=$JAVA_HOME/bin:$M2_HOME/bin:$ANT_HOME/bin:$JBOSS_HOME/bin:$PATH
}}}

To be able to build and deploy with maven please follow this steps:
 * Download and start wildfly server (8.1.0), see section "Starting a Standalone Server"
  http://download.jboss.org/wildfly/8.1.0.Final/wildfly-8.1.0.Final.zip
 * Download and set up maven (3.2.3), see section "Build and Deploy with maven"
  http://tweedo.com/mirror/apache/maven/maven-3/3.2.3/binaries/apache-maven-3.2.3-bin.zip
 * Open browser "localhost:8080/fhj-ws2014-sd12-pse" to see your results

Import the project to eclipse using the eclipse maven plugin!
Or use maven eclipse plugin to create eclipse project files:
http://scriptime.blogspot.in/2014/08/how-to-convert-maven-project-to-eclipse.html


*Starting a Standalone Server*
----------------------------

A WildFly standalone server runs a single instance.

 * ${JBOSS_HOME}/bin/standalone.sh      (Unix / Linux)
 * ${JBOSS_HOME}\bin\standalone.bat     (Windows)


*Build and Deploy with maven*
---------------------------

Description to add wildfly servers to maven for use it with the wildfly maven plugin.

"maven/.m2" directory contains a customized copy of the template file from the maven installation.
In the section profiles we can define several active servers which can be used by maven.

Copy the settings.xml file to your ${USER_HOME}/.m2 folder!

Open it and change wildfly-home to your local wildfly home directory.
You find this tag at the end of the file.
{{{
<profile>
	<id>wildfly-local</id>
	<properties>
		<wildfly-home>X:/SDKs/</wildfly-home>
        </properties>
</profile>
}}}       
If you want to add a remote server as well customize the "wildfly-remote" profile and activate it under "activeProfiles" at the end of the file.

to deploy the war file run ${JBOSS_HOME}/bin/jboss-cli.sh

*Maven goals:*
------------

war pugin
---------

http://maven.apache.org/plugins/maven-war-plugin/

 * war:war is the default goal invoked during the package phase for projects with a packaging type of war. It builds a WAR file.
 * war:exploded is generally used to speed up testing during the developement phase by creating an exploded webapp in a specified directory.
 * war:inplace another variation of war:explode where the webapp is instead generated in the web application source directory, which is src/main/webapp by default.
 * war:manifest generates a manifest for this webapp. The manifest file is created in the web application source directory.

wildfly pugins
--------------

https://docs.jboss.org/wildfly/plugins/maven/latest/

 * wildfly:add-resource adds a resource.
 * wildfly:deploy deploys the application to the application server.
 * wildfly:deploy-only deploys the application to application server invoking no other goals by default.
 * wildfly:deploy-artifact deploys an arbitrary artifact to the server.
 * wildfly:redeploy redeploys the application.
 * wildfly:redeploy-only redeploys the application invoking no other goals by default.
 * wildfly:undeploy undeploys the application.
 * wildfly:run runs the application server and deploys your application.
 * wildfly:start starts the application server and shuts it down at last when the maven process ends unless an explicit shutdown from a management client or the shutdown goal is executed.
 * wildfly:shutdown shuts down a running application server.
 * wildfly:execute-commands executes commands on the running server.


------------

*Tips for Fedora VM*
------------
if your wildfly server throw the exception 
"Failed to start service jboss.serverManagement.controller.management.http"
start your VM in network bridged mode to solve this issue

https://developer.jboss.org/wiki/WildFly8xjavanetBindExceptionAddressAlreadyInUseOnFreshInstallInWindowsVista78